So I'm gonna type exit to get out of this.
So now I'm back in my normal environment,
and
then the first thing I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna say ldd/bin/cat.
You can ignore this one.
It has this one and this one.
And I'm actually pretty sure that
we already copied both of these.
So if I go into my new root ls lib,
it's asking for libc.so.6 which is here.
And if I do lib64,
it has for so.2, it does.
So we actually don't
have to copy anything.
They're already there.
So the only thing I have to do now is
I have to copy from /bin/cat into bin.
And so now if I look inside of bin,
you can see here I have cat as well.
So now if I do change root bin per size,
bash like that,
to go back into my jailed process.
I can see, I type ls, that works and
now if I type cat secret.txt,
it tells you my secret soda recipe.
>> So then, it has the binaries that
you need to each copy over, got it.
And then it will use
the libraries that you copied.
>> Exactly, because it cannot reach
outside of the jailed process
to be able to reach the other binaries.
It's totally locked off.
So anything that you don't put in
here doesn't get put in there at all.
>> So when you run LDD and it kind
of lists the different requirements,
why were we able to ignore
the first one again?
>> I will tell you, so if I do l bin cat,
so you can see this one right here?
>> Mm-hm.
>> If you're asking for the actual
reason of why we can't ignore it,
I don't actually know,
to be honest with you.
I just know that if it doesn't give you
a fully qualified path like it does like
this, then you're free to ignore it.
>> Cool.